[Docs] Add example of injecting $get in validation closure rules doc. (#7934)
filamentphp/filament: packages/forms/docs/05-validation.md

])
```

> You may inject utilities like `$get` into your custom rules, for example if you need to reference other field values in your form:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may [inject utilities](advanced#form-component-utility-injection) like [`$get`](advanced#injecting-the-state-of-another-field) into your custom rules, for example if you need to reference other field values in your form:
```

> You may also inject a $get callable to your closure rules, if you need to reference other fields on your form:
> 
> ```php
> TextInput::make('slug')->rules([
>     function (Get $get) {
>         return function (string $attribute, $value, Closure $fail) use ($get) {
>             if ($get('other_field') === 'foo' && $value !== 'bar') {
>                 $fail("The {$attribute} is invalid.");
>             }
>         };
>     },
> ])
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may inject utilities like `$get` into your custom rules, for example if you need to reference other field values in your form:

```php
use Closure;
use Filament\Forms\Get;

TextInput::make('slug')->rules([
    fn (Get $get): Closure => function (string $attribute, $value, Closure $fail) use ($get) {
        if ($get('other_field') === 'foo' && $value !== 'bar') {
            $fail("The {$attribute} is invalid.");
        }
    },
])
```
```
